Gliding through the air on wings of silken majesty, Torpen unfurled onto a nearby tree. There were a thousand birds spiraling up from where he alighted, and a thousand thousand tiny fluttering insects, like a fountain of vibrating rainbow life.

"Torpen - you come after much elapsing," a thunderous music emanated from the forest canopy. The insects formed into geometric vortices, manifold shifting corridors of beings.

"There were many trees to visit friend" smiled Torpen, turning towards the venerated Maserblan in an expansive gesture. "I made it after all,"

There was never silence in the canopy, but a kind of stillness fell over their bright world. Each gazed off into a different point of beauty, for there was nothing but beauty in every direction, but they did not see the beauty there. They saw something else, far away, a distant concern looming ever nearer. 

"They want you to go dear friend," said Torpen sadly. "There was a council,"

"I don't heed the council anymore" growled the man-tree. "I heed the trees now," The darkness emanating from his visage was pouring like oil into the foilage.

The stillness stretched on. "And what do the trees tell you then?" Torpen turned and looked directly at Maserblan - a thousand years old at this point, poised to disperse into the soil soon. But still mighty.

"They say," sighed Maserblan, "that this world has run out of time. That the endless forests will once again become stars, and the stars will become dust. They say," and Maserblan met his gaze, a burning intensity made of no forest, but more the inexorable pull of a vast singularity, "- that it is time to go."

Torpen embraced his friend, and they flew suddenly away into the sky, together.

CURRENT STATUS

We hit the button.... (!) what now?

Manufacture is underway. We just heard that everything is planned to be finished and ready for freight on the 22nd of October. Fantastic news really, it's going to all be in reality soon.

Freight is going to take about a month, or more or less. Apparently freight is pretty chaotic (fluid?) in general, and even more so around the holidays, so this could go either way. Once it's received in the various fulfillment centers it may or may not be contending with other things shipping around the holidays. We are in discussions now with everyone and are going to conservatively say that you will probably get the game some time in January or February, with the chance of December (?) We will be working the system as much as we are able : )

Once again, we'll be sure to share any information we receive as we receive it as far as manufacture/freight/fulfillment go. Can't wait to hear you are all receiving your games!

SURVEY

We've had a lot of people ask about updating their shipping address - we will be sending out the KS survey nearer to fulfillment and collecting everyone's shipping address at that point, so you don't need to worry about this right now. Move as much as you want : ) you will receive your game.

Went to go make an FAQ about this but apparently you can't edit the FAQs after the campaign ends? The more you know, we'll be keeping it in mind for next time. 

THANK YOU

Thank you to everyone! This has been the most supportive and positive campaign I've been a part of, makes me want to make a bunch more games : ) We have been getting some good playtests of Sol II (codename: Journey Between Worlds), and ORGANISM is ready to go, excited to share with everyone once fulfillment has completed.

In Solar Esteem,

- Ryan & Elabs Team

