Sol reprint and ORGANISM campaign

Hello friends of Sol!

(you are receiving this because you signed up to the Sol Reprint mailing list. If this was an error or someone typed in your email by mistake, feel free to unsubscribe.... or embrace it as your cosmic destiny??)

It has been a long time here in the darkness of space between worlds, and as we know from experience, the only constant is change. I (Ryan) have been on quite a journey, as I'm sure everyone has. I regret we aren't around a large campfire (enormous, possibly dangerous scale of fire.... or maybe we are) and can share and hear all the stories we've acquired in the intervening time. I look forward to a day when we meet again or for the first time at some game store or convention and share a moment of timeless existence that will never return. 

Sol has been out of print for awhile. It's a problem, and thank you for your contribution in helping to solve this problem by signing up and giving feedback on the form. It matters. I read all these comments (800+.... wow). I hear you. Let's do this.

We have decided to go with the dual campaign for Sol and ORGANISM.... you can get either or both. Sol we are going to leave alone entirely, a straight reprint. Maybe some errata will be addressed, but the components and rules are identical. 

I can't wait to get Sol out to everyone who has been waiting this whole time (or just heard about it). Part of the process has been me reckoning with what it takes to do game publishing, what that truly means. Sol originally was a labor of love and a kind of singular project. We set a metric of what we considered success and so far surpassed it that even if I never touched the project again it would feel like a life achievement. What has come after, and taken a bit of time, is truly deciding whether I want to make games like this ongoing, now that I know what is actually entailed by the entire process. And I can say now that the outcome of this soul-searching is Yes, I want to make games. Games represent to me a convergence of so many different kinds of art into something beyond any of them. Making a game is like an interactive message that players get to live inside, and discover. It's mind-blowing, and every day I get new ideas and see new possibilities. It's really just the beginning. 

I have several other projects in the works. ORGANISM has been continuously developed for 2 years now after being dormant for a year or more. It was fun when we started! And now, it is honed beyond anything I could have imagined starting out. A key part of the process has been a dedicated group of game developers working on a number of "MUTATIONS", focused changes to specific rules that can be used as an optional enhancement to the game, either alone or in combination with each other. One unexpected upshot of this approach has been that certain mutations during play became obvious improvements to the core ruleset, so in effect we were able to experiment with every conceivable variation or possibility for the rule set and then select the set of rules that we consider create the most direct possible game experience. I think this level of openness and willingness to try any idea no matter how ludicrous it initially seems (some of the greatest mutations sound totally wild) has driven the development into an optimal convergence zone.

Also, the ongoing vision provided by our artist Wyn Tiedmers has been a crucial companion in this whole process. We have made countless boards, and now we have found it. This thing is ready to go. 

Here is an animation I made of the first two rounds of a game. It is beautiful, and also it may even be possible to learn some subset of the rules from what the pieces are doing: https://twitter.com/elephantnahpele/status/1474817557060370440?s=20

Here is the latest rulebook if you want to check it out: https://boardgamegeek.com/filepage/226714/organism-rulebook-wip

Also, I have a website for playtesting I am slowly introducing people to if you are curious to try the game. Please let me know! email ryan@elephantlaboratories.com to set up a game with you (and a group? if you know others who may be interested). 

Beyond that, there are other projects ongoing you may find interesting. One is the sequel to Sol: Last Days of a Star, working title Sol: Journey Between Worlds, which I've been working on with my dad and brother (Mike and Sean). We have actually created 5 or so entirely separate implementations of the story of the Ark after it escapes the annihilation of its local system as it travels through space in search of a new home. They all captured certain aspects of the experience we wanted to share, but also had key inadequacies that ultimately lead us to rebuild the game from scratch. Though mildly painful at times, I think this continual quest for the ultimate incarnation of the nature of a generation ship and it's search for home, how both the inside and the outside of the ship are relevant and related in different yet essential ways, was worthwhile, as the new game is just a continual delight. There is gravity and inertia and discovery and entropy and festivals and a similar emphasis on interaction through mutual benefit that draws a link with the previous Sol game. Drawing on inspiration from Oath (thank you Cole!) the "chronicle" approach means that it may take several games to find a new world to settle, and adaptations and achievements can carry over from game to game, which was a missing element that now really brings the whole sense of generations passing and the whole story to life. Working on getting the prototype into TTS now, let me know if you want to playtest.

Another project which relates to other life goals (always trying to merge as many goals into unified projects as a I can) is Cell, which is inspired by the whole-cell model I helped to develop in Markus Covert's lab. It is trying to extract the essence of how life works into the simplest system that people can *play*. There is no board, the cell is made of essential building blocks starting from simple elements (CHNOPS - carbon/hydrogen/nitrogen/oxygen/phosphorous/sulfur) synthesized into amino acids, lipids, sugars and nucleotides, then polymerized into their respective polymers (proteins, membranes, glycogen and DNA/mRNA). Proteins perform all the operations of the cell, and you decide where to spend energy to metabolize whatever nutrients come in from a shifting environment and convert that into more of your system that eventually replicates its membrane and chromosome and divides (!) It has that beautiful circularity that makes life alive. I'm trying to make it as real as possible, as far as the self-generative magic is concerned, with the minimum number of concepts and components. It is I consider a kind of ultimate challenge : ) which I'm into apparently. This one is still in it's heavily formative stages but evolving rapidly (ha!)

Thanks for joining on this journey, I really feel like it is something with significance beyond this time or place, somehow by connecting through the act of creation we make something larger than ourselves. I could certainly never do this without you all. Thank you! See you between worlds,

- Ryan Spangler, Elephant Laboratories

