Hello from the Ark!

I have some news - we have a date for launch. Beyond that, we have some adjustments to the campaign that are helping everything come together in an immediate way.

The first change is that we have decided to separate the Sol Reprint from the ORGANISM campaign. By creating a dependency between the two, I feel like we had made an unnecessary obstacle to getting Sol back in print. ORGANISM is amazing, and I literally have dreams about it (the pieces appear in challenging configurations over improbable surfaces), but there have been challenges in the material design process that have made it take far longer than we had hoped. By decoupling the projects I am hoping to get Sol back in print immediately, then be able to focus on ORGANISM in all its glory and take the time needed to really dial the physical manifestation in the way it deserves.

The other change is that along with the Sol reprint, the campaign will feature a wooden insert designed by Matt Healey. I personally can't wait to get my own copy of this insert (pictured below), I think it's going to bring the whole experience over the top. You will be able to pledge for Sol alone, or the insert alone, or both together, and this is what is allowing us to do a campaign for what would otherwise be the same project as before (which was the main reason we had coupled ORGANISM to the reprint in the first place). This solution is multiple wins at once, and I am thrilled to finally be moving forward with the project again.

As well as designing the insert, Matt has stepped in to help with a lot of the logistics and back end of the business, which is making everything move along much more smoothly than I have been able to do alone, and my gratitude for his help in this endeavor is boundless. He has a huge amount of experience in all the things I do not, and already the collaboration has been a breakthrough for this project, and I hope many projects to come (!)


As for the date, we have settled on December 6th, 2022. It's coming right up! After all the anticipation from so many people who want their own copy of Sol, I am happy to say this is finally going to happen, and without much delay. You may be able to tell by the tone of this message that I'm pretty excited about it, and I hope you are too. Let's make the launch an event to be remembered, even after our worlds are a distant memory.

The last thing I'll mention here is that development is accelerating for the sequel to Sol: Last Days of a Star, current codename - Sol: Journey Between Worlds. It is taking shape in a way that I've dreamed of for a long time (I've made five different generation ship games and rebuilt them over and over again, seeking the design that captures the vision like this latest incarnation is doing). So if everything works out, we'll have our trilogy before too long (!) An idea years in the making, it's been brewing in my heart and mind all along. Can't wait to share it with the world.

The Ark is almost ready, and we'll all be boarding soon. See you on that momentous day, and may our new world be even more glorious than the last,

In Mass and Energy,

Ryan 