Elzahu scanned over the tranquil shimmering surfaces of the storage crystals in a mounting panic. In this cavern alone there were countless of them, each twinkle uniquely sculpted by a continuous fabric of irreplacable information. The information density in a single crystal was unimaginable, folding in on itself countless times until codes within codes within codes snaked off into endless corridors of reflective correspondence. Each crystal, a universe unto itself.... and this was just one cavern. The number of such caverns across the surface and embedded in the ever deepening crevices the people carved into the mantle of Zyuu Claarum was itself another uncountable measure.

"but.... what will we do?? How do we save all of them? We can't transport a planet's worth! especially while maintaining our baseline standard of fidelity...." His open mouth a quavering mess. "How will we maintain.... all of this.... " and it devolved into simple wailing.

Abaduos stood solemnly over him. He understood the pain, he felt it himself, like a lance of fire through his heart. But he also knew, nothing was permanent in this universe. He had even been waiting for this day, when all of their labors had foundered, and all the generations of painstaking collection would be wiped away in a single act of senseless destruction. He wasn't surprised, more surprised by how unsurprised he was. He lived for, after all, that moment when theory becomes reality.

"The secrets we have accumulated here live everywhere, dear Elzahu," he placed a gentle hand upon his centuries long friend. "They are not constrained to one crystal, or one world. When we observe, we see everything at once, through one lens or another. It cannot be any other way."

Elzahu slowly quieted, looked up into the eyes of Abaduos, the trembling reduced to a low humming.

"We can find them again. And find new ones. It is not our acquisitions that give us meaning, but the process of discovery."

Elzahu wailed again, and was this time inconsolable. The crystals rang with his cries. 

"But, we will bring something.... " as Abaduos broke a single shard into his bleeding palm.

PREPRODUCTION COPIES IN HAND

We have PPC's! Lots of pictures to follow.

new box cover
new rulebook cover
new vestigial structures description
new foundry convert diagram in rulebook
new foundry convert diagram on player aid
insert packed

Overall, we're thrilled with the quality of both the game and the insert. The game is of the same high quality we already expected from Panda, so no suprises there. The insert we didn't know quite what to expect, but it far exceeds any idea I had of how it would go. The wood is high quality, the stain is striking and the engraved icons really add atmosphere to the setting. All the joints slide nicely together and fit snugly enough to construct entirely without glue (though you could still glue if you like). Building it was a satisfying experience.

There was one issue with one of the slots being slightly too small for the tab it is supposed to slide into, just for the energy node trays. We have some back and forth, the next version of the insert PPC is on its way, which will hopefully resolve the problem. 

Also, we built some insert assembly instructions for the insert (!) It was a fun puzzle to figure out.

Just getting all the final details together to finally press the button on manufacture, should be any day now. We may just send an update "WE HIT THE BUTTON" with some confetti or something.... we'll let you know.

THANK YOU

As always, thank you for your continued participation in the journey. Our commitment to making the ultimate thing is unwavering, one step at a time. Until the next epoch,

- Ryan