A world is a whole thing. It may be made of countless particles, but those particles are bound together, inseparably, sharing a fate they will all face together. The kind of resonance that occurs throughout a globe, the shockwaves passing through geological time like a ball of quivering fluid, unite these particles into a greater totality. This totality forms a receptive field -- it is sensitive to signals. It responds. It is as if this reverberative fabric generates something like a _mind_, a feeling, thinking, sensing _perspective_. 
Right now, for the world of Arel, that totality was taut with horror. It saw, it _felt_, the star at the center of its universe, buckle. Every person, every creature, all at once, registered a terrible drop in their gut, like the ground opening up and swallowing everything they knew, a vast and insatiable mouth spiraling at the core of their being. No one knew, logically, but they all _knew_, deep down, that the foundation of their existence had just been violently and irrevokably removed. A vertiginous falling sensation swept through the resonating body of the planet. An anguish rose, and the cry of the turning world took the form.... of a ship. An Ark. The Ark was born slick with their grief and also their hope, which could never be truly extinguished. The Ark was their body now, and the Ark waited, an arrow hurling into the future, as the past crumbled in fire behind them.
The totality, continued.
MANUFACTURE
The deposit has been wired to Panda, we are good to go on that front. Two production points are our current focus:
* Rulebook Errata - Errata have been finalized and the designer briefed.... most of these are text, the one diagram update is to the CONVERT for foundries. We got consistent feedback post-production that the conflation of vertical-meaning-layers vs vertical-meaning-options was too confusing. We will post the new diagram once the designer has worked it out, looking forward to clearing this point up. 
* Insert assembly instructions - We want this to be super clear, with universal ikea-like illustrations. This may actually take some iteration. Also, we are going to "playtest" the insert a bit and see if we need to make any modifications.
So the dependencies actually go:
* Get the physical insert, try it out, play with it, see if it needs any enhancements or adjustments.
* Once it is settled, work out the assembly instructions.
* Designer makes the instructions look good.
This may be a process. We are going to try to minimize time spent, but the priority is actually getting it right. We'll keep you posted on progress here.
PERSONNEL
At the end of January, Matt Healey, who has been helping us with logistics and operations so far, decided to step away from the logistics side of things and shift focus to the insert specifically going forward, which is even expanding into a business of its own (!) He will continue to support the design and production of the Sol insert for this project (thank you Matt!)
Long-time Elabs collaborator Jodi Sweetman (and deliverer of Sol 1st edition) will be taking over shipping/logistics/operations, above and beyond the countless other things she's already doing for the project (thank you Jodi!) 
TABLETOP SIMULATOR
Is here (!) Currently there are two versions, the 5 player setup, and the 1/2/3/4 player setup. It has all the components but no scripting (which is why we need two versions....) Instead I'm going to make ongoing improvements based on player feedback (just like designing a game!) Let me know if you have any issues or questions using it. I'm considering it the first prototype, so open to all feedback of how to improve the experience. Hope you enjoy! 
  5 player setup: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2939621161
  1/2/3/4 player setup: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2940599922
THANK YOU
As always, we wouldn't be out here doing this without you. There are not a huge number of opportunities day to day to feel like you are part of something larger than yourself. Maybe that's part of why I love this process so much, the project provides this experience not just for us but everyone who takes part. Thank you all. 
In solar resonance,
- Ryan