We don't know why the structure failed. There were five divers working that day, and they were all some of the best. Veteran divers, seen everything that can happen on the sun. Gorgi had even been to the core. No one believed him, but I did. Those eyes don't lie. Those were the eyes of someone who's seen the darkness, where the darkness has come alive in an unimaginable density. Gorgi, who'd mentored all the other kids despite his own damage, just because he knew what they would face and wanted to do anything he could to spare them even a sliver of what lay in store for them.
Even Gorgi, vaporized.
"Code BLUE, we're getting a report of a new instability, coordinates incoming...."
That's strange. They seem to be happening more often lately.
"Okay get a team out there"
"Sir, the teams are all out...."
"How many instabilities do we have out there Mokos? What are you telling me?"
"It seems to be...."
Mokos paused, looking a little puzzled at his blinking readouts. Finally, he exhaled: 
"Everywhere"

HELLO
Hello. Welcome to the future. It keeps happening (!)

STATUS
After the campaign ended we took a quick breath, then launched into production. Happily, production is minimal for this project since the game is already complete. That said, we are converging on a set of errata for three components:
* Rulebook (various clarifications)
* Player diagram (weird confusing diagram for converting foundries)
* Instability effect cards (rewording for subtle ambiguitites)
This is ongoing, and happily impedes nothing as our manufacturing partners at Panda are currently paused for CNY. We have the time to get everything right.
This includes the insert, which is the new thing. We have already produced one version and are iterating for the next version. Again, we want the insert to be awesome and really enhance the game experience, so we may go through a couple rounds of design before it feels like it has attained its ultimate form.
Also, the manufacturing quote is signed, it's official. Can't wait to make it all happen (!)

THANK YOU
Those of you who've been with us for awhile know this is a life project for us, and really it's just begun. I have been doing a number of successful demos of ORGANISM, and the design for the sequel to Sol (codename: Journey Between Worlds) is ready for public playtesting. Please send me a message if you are in the Seattle area and want to try it out, would love to get everyone's feedback on this quickly evolving project.
Thanks again! See you in the darkness between stars,
- Ryan