The ongoing hum never goes away. Every step, every mug placed on the table, every glass of water, has a little activity. The crew of the newly (if hastily) embarked Blue Mothership doesn't even see it anymore, but the captain, Mother Ya, gazes into her morning glass of 0.8 liters of water and traces the crests and troughs of the dancing molecules as they play across the surface of the liquid. It seems so simple, like the world should be still, like there isn't room for play or extraneous purpose in the severity of their circumstances. But here was the water of her glass, carelessly dancing, as if this ship was not speeding towards a one-way mission, as if her world and the lives of everyone she knew wasn't hanging in the balance of every decision she made today. She savors that taste of ignorant bliss for one more moment, then drains the glass before rising to meet everyone waiting for her on the bridge. 
NEW YEAR
Hey all, it's a whole new year! Hope everyone made the transition okay and everything is intact. We care about you and your well-being. For our sake things are mostly the same, besides being over 2000 backers and 330+% funded (???) which is kind of amazing, and just keeps being real despite being also unbelievable. I hope everyone is as stoked as we are (! which is pretty stoked)
FINAL HOURS
We are coming into the final hours of our campaign. We were tempted to take the suggestion here: https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2988616/sol-last-days-kickstarter but instead will come up with our own, less brilliant ideas and reference the thread for everyone's enjoyment (and so we can all give @TheCrazyPiper thumbs).
We don't know quite how to celebrate these final hours except by having a series of holidays throughout the campaign that everyone seems to be celebrating at the same time. This campaign has been one non-stop celebration. May it continue into the unforeseen future. 
LOGISTICS
We've talked to a number of people from the various countries since our shipping update and it seems to have been a beneficial change! The new tiers we created have been populated by a number of new backers. Thanks to everyone who worked with us as we figured that out, I think now that we've been through this process we start with everything in place for future projects. 
Please send us a message if you have any more shipping questions. We'll have a lot more to say about logistics after the campaign. For now, let's enjoy the countdown : )
PODCAST
While perusing the venerated BGG we came across a podcast with Candice Harris and Cole Wehrle discussing board game "hidden gems". Besides a number of fascinating games (Serenissima? Three Kingdoms Redux? BAUSACK??) Candice lists Sol and describes a bit of why. Perhaps some day there will be a copy of Sol in every household, but until then I think being a hidden gem is kind of cool. I am always looking for other hidden gems, perhaps you are as well: https://boardgamegeek.com/blogpost/140653/bgg-podcast-7-board-game-hidden-gems-cole-wehrle
THANK YOU
Endless gratitude. May we all be on the Ark together.... and even find a new world to inhabit, though I'm fine drifting away into the endless space between stars if that is to be my fate. Finding a new star may take generations, so I build now for those who do get to see that new world for the first time. We all play our part. 
Somewhere in the sea of time,
- Ryan