The children were playing again. Garnath was dancing around the couch making elaborate arm motions and exploding sounds, while Werender was rolling around on the ground.
"What kind of game is this?" their mother asked in mock exasperation.
"The sun is explodinggggggggggggg!" shouted Werender, "and I'm piloting the mothership! I'm going to save the world!" with accompanying whooshing sounds.
His mother's smile faltered just a bit, almost imperceptible. But Werender was a sensitive child.
"What's wrong mother?"
"Can't you play a more cheerful game? The sun exploding just seems a bit.... dark."
"No mom we save it! Well, we save some of them. Everyone else blows up."
She stood there, watching Garnath commence another dramatic arm-arc, trying to figure out why her children's game disturbed her so much, when the lights went out. 
FUNDED!
A spectacular conclusion to a spectacular campaign, we ended at almost 400% funded. You are all amazing. Even if I haven't met you, I know it.
Though this may be the end of the campaign, in many ways it is just the beginning (for us!) We have a detailed plan of how to go forward which I want to share with you all.
One thing before I start, on transparency. You have all supported us and we couldn't have done this without you. In a real way you are a part of the team, even if you aren't on all the calls working out all the details, you have already played a key role. We consider you part of the project and are going to be as open and transparent about the process as we can going forward. We can't promise nothing will come up, but we can promise we will address any issue with complete consideration and open communication to all backers. Looking forward to overcoming any obstacle that may arise. 
THE PLAN
The plan! Here's a high-level overview:
TODAY: send update telling all of our backers how amazing they are (it's true)
1/3-1/10: Finalize quote with Panda
1/10-1/24: Design verification
2/6-2/22: Chinese New Year
2/22-6/14: Mass Production
6/14-7/12: Final Assembly
7/12-10/4: Shipping and fulfillment
As you can see, many details are omitted, and some are more involved than others, but I hope you get the general idea. As we enter each phase we'll go into more (possibly too much) detail about everything happening. If you have any questions! please let us know. 
Excited to begin!
THANK YOU
As always, my gratitude is endless. I talked to Matt and Jodi and their gratitude is endless also. We are basically hopping up and down. You can all relax now, we are going to get to work, and perhaps before you even realize what happened, you will find yourself with a group of friends, enjoying your new copy of Sol: Last Days of a Star, and wondering how people even did all this. Indeed, this is how. We are doing it now.
In solar unfolding,
- Ryan