THE BUTTON
Jarlamandra contemplated the button. It was not large, not spectacular. A little underwhelming in its physical incarnation. Yet the portent was…. almost unimaginable.
She licked her lips as tiny beads of sweat sprung out on her brow. It felt like all the air had slowly leaked out of the room without her noticing, leaving her suddenly gasping for breath.
For years she had worked to get to this moment: infiltrating the Solar Extraction industry, working up the hierarchy, finally landing a position of trust on the Mothership—the base of all solar operations in the coronal region. As a member of the Charter for a New Paradigm she had lead countless meetings, demonstrations, and rallies—all to diminishing optimism that any of it would lead to real change. In targeting local energy stations, they had disrupted things, caused a stir, got several of her close friends arrested or killed, but again, when she looked at the real effect a dismal chasm opened in her spirit. All that cost…. for what?
But here she was, finally, on the mothership (if Dubartha could see her now.... and she smiled a little). Here she could strike at the root of the empire, hit them where they would feel it, where it would matter. The flow of energy would be disrupted, and her world would finally have to take notice. 
Her mouth hung slack, and she noticed and closed it. Looking furtively around, everyone was engrossed in their respective duties. Captain Margoliman she had even grown a kind of affection for. He talked so enthusiastically about his children. Children who themselves faced no future but one of endless taking, voracious extraction and pointless, soulless consumption. There had to be another way.
She looked back at the button. Light green, kind of mint. Subtly concave. She could have routed her program to any button at her station, but was always partial to this one. A little pitted and scratched, but overall robust, and even .... inviting?
Suddenly, she lifted her arm, and smiled, to a spark of growing confusion around her.
"Jarla....?" but Captain Margoliman didn't have time to finish.
IS THERE REALLY A BUTTON?
The answer, my friends, is yes.

And in fact, we have even gone so far as to hit this button (!)
What does this mean?? All files have been delivered to Panda, our manufacturer, for all associated projects:
* Base game with updates to rulebook, player diagrams, and box.
* Wooden insert with assembly instructions.
* Upgrade package from 1st --> 2nd edition (for insert only backers).
Manufacture can now commence! Which also means, we can start to get more specific about our timeline. Our contact at Panda gave us a rough estimate of October 15th for the completion of manufacture. Given that is right when holiday freight and shipping starts to peak, we are going to be very conservative in our forecasting until we are further along in the process. For now, we believe fulfillment will most likely happen in January. Please know that we are having frequent conversations with our chosen partners about any and all levers we can pull to expedite the process wherever possible.
We believe wholeheartedly that all the changes and improvements we’ve made over the past 3 months have been essential to make everyone's game that much better. Thanks to everyone for your patience as we continue to strive to make this an impeccable creation.

THANK YOU
I have you all in mind all the time, thanks again for your ongoing comments and support. It really feels like a community effort here, can't wait to get everyone their game (and insert!) and hear all about your first plays : )
On the winds of space,
- Ryan & Elabs Team



